# Log Viewer Tool
This project is a Bachelor Thesis at HTW Berlin, WiSe 2022/23 by Sameer Dhimal. It aims to create a log viewer tool for one of the modules of a commercial software. The tool allows users to view and search through the logs generated by the module, which can help with debugging and troubleshooting. The tool is built using React on the frontend with Material UI, and Express.js on the backend.


## Features
- View logs generated by the module.
- Search for specific logs by keywords, dates, or log levels.
- Filter logs by log levels.
- Visualize logs with different components.


## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- Node.js installed on your local machine.
- Git installed on your local machine.

### Installation
- Clone this repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/Logviewer.git
```

- Install the dependencies for both the frontend and backend:
```
cd log-viewer-tool/frontend
npm install
cd ../backend
npm install
```
### Usage
- Start the backend server:
```
cd log-viewer-tool/backend
npm start
```
This will start the backend server at http://localhost:5000/.

- Start the frontend server:
```
cd ../frontend
npm start
```
This will start the frontend server at http://localhost:3000/.

- Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000/ to use the log viewer tool.

### Deployment
To deploy the tool, you can follow the standard procedure for deploying a React-Express.js app to your preferred hosting service.

## Contributing
Contributions are always welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and create a new branch for your changes. Once you've made your changes, submit a pull request and we'll review your changes.